look at that big file i bet you
didn't take the closer a
thousand pounds apiece running
up to me is one of the biggest
Gamble's I'm gonna do the share
and it seems like every bolt and
the universe's here you know
what dog come on we're all
fighting for the last few fish
still near the surface
no matter what it costs what it
takes we have to put a fish on
the deck this week
nothing
single-center enough to kill
speed right now because I Cal
speed which is about ya single
go ahead on this could be my
last chance this year i had to
hit one of these fish before
they start to die then coming up
coming up on the back I want you
right here right here right here
right here right give me all
about going right into your
right there
or jumbo that's how you doing
boys and girls we go to me this
is the fact that when it got
that was gonna build never takes
long enough hundred and shot
that what's going on boy
nice to see a long way from
Gloucester what's up kids tablet
mikey is the man right there so
we got nice fish guy
wayfair 530i bigger than we
thought it would be beautiful
fifth like what i see what we
got a real nice core sample here
has made clear its firm to kill
cut absolutely beautiful
you guys got a real gem this
fish right now 18 all the great
we got twenty dollars a pound
that's roughly fifteen thousand
dollars that's an incredible
fish
hey thank you
and ideally up this is what we
always do to get it don't move